README.md, before:

# 👨🏼‍💻 About Me

My name's Ian MacIntosh, I help engineering teams perform even better by improving the everyday _stuff_ that makes up the developer experience. I strive to keep everything as simple as possible so people can focus on their work instead of tooling.

> "If you don't actively fight for simplicity in software, complexity will win... and it will suck."— _[Henrik Joreteg](https://joreteg.com/blog/architecting-uis-for-change)_

You'll usually find me:

- Working with DevOps teams to ensure preview environments are quickly and reliably deployed
- Demonstrating good Git habits — and showing how to clean up messes without losing all your work
- Identifying opportunities to keep the team's tools and skills aligned with what's available today
- Keeping code reviews moving along with clear feedback instead of getting stuck in _In Review_ purgatory
- Writing documentation that reads like a series of useful tweets instead of a series of classic textbooks

My last titles were "Architect" and "Principal Software Engineer," where I provided the most value giving technical oversight, guidance, and mentoring. But I still like getting my hands dirty with personal projects; it's hard to lead without the understanding you can only get from hands-on experience.

# ✨ Stuff I Like Working With

- **#️⃣ Scripting**: [React](https://reactjs.org/), [Nunjucks](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- **🎨 Styling**: [CSS Grid](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-grid/), [Sass/SCSS](https://sass-lang.com/)
- **📐 Testing**: [Test-Driven Development](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TestDrivenDevelopment.html), [Jest](https://jestjs.io/), [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/), [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)
- **🚢 Code Management**: [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [GitHub](https://github.com/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- **🛠 Utilities**: [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [Vim](https://www.vim.org/), [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
- **⚙️ Platforms**: [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/), [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com/)
- **🚀 Other**: Writing docs, studying to be a Git wizard, security/pentesting ([OverTheWire](https://overthewire.org/wargames/), [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/), [HackTheBox](https://www.hackthebox.eu/), etc)

## ⏱ [TapCount](https://tapcount.ianjmacintosh.com/) ([source](https://www.github.com/ianjmacintosh/tapcount))

TapCount is a utility app ([Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ianjmacintosh.tapcount) | iOS | [Web](https://tapcount.ianjmacintosh.com/)) to help count anything and know how long counting took. I imagined this would just be an exercise app (_"How long does it takes to do 100 burpees?"_), but you can use it to measure anything where time matters.

- Built with React
- Tested with Jest and Testing Library (81.7% code coverage)
- Transpiled for Android and iOS using Apache Cordova
- Published to Google Play Store

## 🕹 [Pozo](https://pozo.ianjmacintosh.com/) ([source](https://www.github.com/ianjmacintosh/pozo))

After finishing Wes Bos's premium React course, I built something on my own: a clone of a 1990's console arcade puzzle game. I learned a lot on the way by playing the role of lead developer, designer, sound engineer, project manager, and quality engineer.

- Built with React
- Unit tested with Jest
- Animated SVGs using Greensock (GSAP)
- Layout managed with CSS Grid

## 🎩 [Ian J MacIntosh.com](https://www.ianjmacintosh.com)

I built my personal site to share knowledge, ranging from technical _How To_ guides to travel advice. I made my site fast, secure, and cheap by using the JAMstack. I made testing and deploying an absolute breeze by taking advantage of modern pipeline tooling.

- Built with Eleventy
- Content managed with Contentful CMS
- Hosted by Netlify
- Pipeline built with Netlify's Continuous Deployment tools, GitHub Actions, Lighthouse CI, and Cypress
- Layout managed with CSS Grid and Flexbox

Commit message:

Explain more clearly what I want to do

README.md, after:

# 👨🏼‍💻 About Me

My name's Ian MacIntosh, **I help great engineering teams perform even better** by improving the everyday _stuff_ that makes up the developer experience. <!-- Link to article that tells about times I've done this --> I want your team to get traction, maintain focus, and do all the amazing work it was meant to do. Let me help by cleaning up all the time-consuming baggage that your team is way too busy to deal with.

> "If you don't actively fight for simplicity in software, complexity will win... and it will suck."— _[Henrik Joreteg](https://joreteg.com/blog/architecting-uis-for-change)_

You'll usually find me:

- Working with DevOps teams to ensure preview environments are quickly and reliably deployed
- Demonstrating good Git habits and showing how to clean up messes without losing all your work
- Identifying opportunities to keep the team's tools and skills aligned with what's available today
- Keeping code reviews moving along with clear feedback instead of getting stuck in _In Review_ purgatory
- Writing documentation that reads like a series of useful tweets instead of a series of classic textbooks

My last titles were "Architect" and "Principal Software Engineer," where I provided the most value giving technical oversight, guidance, and mentoring. But I still like getting my hands dirty with personal projects; it's hard to lead without the understanding you can only get from hands-on experience.

# ✨ Stuff I Like Working With

- **#️⃣ Scripting**: [React](https://reactjs.org/), [Nunjucks](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- **🎨 Styling**: [CSS Grid](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-grid/), [Sass/SCSS](https://sass-lang.com/)
- **📐 Testing**: [Test-Driven Development](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TestDrivenDevelopment.html), [Jest](https://jestjs.io/), [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/), [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)
- **🚢 Code Management**: [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [GitHub](https://github.com/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- **🛠 Utilities**: [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [Vim](https://www.vim.org/), [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
- **⚙️ Platforms**: [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/), [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com/)
- **🚀 Other**: Writing docs, studying to be a Git wizard, security/pentesting ([OverTheWire](https://overthewire.org/wargames/), [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/), [HackTheBox](https://www.hackthebox.eu/), etc)

## ⏱ [TapCount](https://tapcount.ianjmacintosh.com/) ([source](https://www.github.com/ianjmacintosh/tapcount))

TapCount is a utility app ([Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ianjmacintosh.tapcount) | iOS | [Web](https://tapcount.ianjmacintosh.com/)) to help count anything and know how long counting took. I imagined this would just be an exercise app (_"How long does it takes to do 100 burpees?"_), but you can use it to measure anything where time matters.

- Built with React
- Tested with Jest and Testing Library (81.7% code coverage)
- Transpiled for Android and iOS using Apache Cordova
- Published to Google Play Store

## 🕹 [Pozo](https://pozo.ianjmacintosh.com/) ([source](https://www.github.com/ianjmacintosh/pozo))

After finishing Wes Bos's premium React course, I built something on my own: a clone of a 1990's console arcade puzzle game. I learned a lot on the way by playing the role of lead developer, designer, sound engineer, project manager, and quality engineer.

- Built with React
- Unit tested with Jest
- Animated SVGs using Greensock (GSAP)
- Layout managed with CSS Grid

## 🎩 [Ian J MacIntosh.com](https://www.ianjmacintosh.com)

I built my personal site to share knowledge, ranging from technical _How To_ guides to travel advice. I made my site fast, secure, and cheap by using the JAMstack. I made testing and deploying an absolute breeze by taking advantage of modern pipeline tooling.

- Built with Eleventy
- Content managed with Contentful CMS
- Hosted by Netlify
- Pipeline built with Netlify's Continuous Deployment tools, GitHub Actions, Lighthouse CI, and Cypress
- Layout managed with CSS Grid and Flexbox
